Is Truedot consumer or business facing? Are they trying to emulate the Quora model?
What is the actual product flow?
Do users need to create an account/login?
Is there a current way to identify all the survey responses that a user has given across all surveys on the platform?
IE If a user surveys with two companies, can I retrieve their responses for both companies
How are you storing surveys/interpreting results?
What are the sources of data on the platform and who owns them?
What is the composition of the current engineering team?
Frontend/Backend/Manager count?
Who are the existing customers?
Who are the closest competitors?

Proposal
A strong pitch for John would be to combine the aspects of the Sapien platform with some of the things John Ash worked on. 

Identity Solution:

Each user has their responses to surveys stored (either in a database, or on-chain using something like IPFS and token-gating). 

User responses are used to create user embeddings, representations of a user’s beliefs/interests etc. User embeddings are extremely powerful, especially when constructing social graphs. Here are some examples of how user embeddings can be leveraged:


Recommendations for friends/communities to join
Sybil Resistance -> user embeddings for bots will look similar and can be quickly pruned out of social graphs
Recommendations for different products and experiences 

On top of embeddings, users will also have access to the Sapien identity stack, which leverages a badge system. User reputation can be tracked by their badge metrics and combined with user embeddings to create a high trust, reputation-based social graph. 

Why would a survey business do this?
If the business is already profitable this is a way that you can build infrastructure to transition into a more consumer-facing product. Surveys serve as a natural way to extract people’s views and beliefs. User embeddings compress this information, and make it possible to construct a social graph. If a business is already profitable, this is a product that can allow for exponential growth through the usage of state of the art technology. This would almost assuredly be a business moat going forward.

User Journey
Participants: Hubspot

Hubspot is testing a new AI-based lead generation feature in closed beta. Hubspot issues surveys to users invited to the beta for feedback on a new AI-based lead generation feature. 




Hubspot wants to use digital credentials to identify expert groups of users to target for surveys. The AI lead generation tool that Hubspot is building is general purpose and is targeting many different kinds of organizations. Hubspot wants to survey people within each of several target groups to derive insights about this new product including: software developers, legal professionals, govt agencies. Within each of these user segments Hubspot wants to be able to fine grain their selection criteria and possibly select overlapping groups. Hubspot doesn’t want to have to independently verify the expertise of the users that theyre targeting but would like to be able to have someone else do this heavy lifting and take advantage of this to derive insights from these expert groups.


Demo Flow/Features
Highlight the value proposition of using badges to gate insights
One organization may be soliciting feedback from different groups of experts
We want the ability to ask questions targeted at different groups
For one insight, an organization may want the opinion of different sets of badge holders
Insights represent consensus for one group of badgeholders

I’m a big org with many different surveys targeting expert groups.
I want to collect insights from these groups based on consensus.
I create a new insight post asking opinions about a specific topic, and I solicit feedback from that group.
We have a consensus mechanism where we take that consensus and add that to metadata

Ask a question about how specific groups of experts think about a certain insight.

Demo Flow:
Create insight
Create responses for multiple different groups
Query and synthesize responses with embeddings (What does X group think about a general query, based off their responses to that insight)

Example:
Given the overwhelming need to secure compute and the relative scarcity of the compute necessary to train a large language model, we should pursue decentralized computing paradigms in order to make training more accessible.



